README.md, before:

# Kibana Prometheus Exporter 

A Kibana plugin that exposes metrics in the Prometheus format.
Once Installed, please visit http://localhost:5601/_prometheus/metrics

---

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pjhampton/kibana-prometheus-exporter/master/screenshots/kibana_ui.png" alt="kibana prometheus exporter ui">

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pjhampton/kibana-prometheus-exporter/master/screenshots/kibana_prometheus.png" alt="kibana prometheus exporter">

## Installing

First, locate the version you require on the [release page](https://github.com/pjhampton/kibana-prometheus-exporter/releases). There is a couple of ways to install this plugin. The more common approach would be to download the [correct version](#versions) and run:

```
bin/kibana-plugin install https://github.com/pjhampton/kibana-prometheus-exporter/releases/download/6.4.2/kibana-prometheus-exporter-6.4.2.zip
```

## Version

| Version | Release Artefact - The version of the plugin must match your version of Kibana / Elasticsearch                   |
|---------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 6.4.1   | [kibana-prometheus-exporter-6.4.1](https://github.com/pjhampton/kibana-prometheus-exporter/releases/tag/6.4.1)   |
| 6.4.0   | [kibana-prometheus-exporter-6.4.0](https://github.com/pjhampton/kibana-prometheus-exporter/releases/tag/6.4.0)   |
| 6.3.2   | [kibana-prometheus-exporter-6.3.2](https://github.com/pjhampton/kibana-prometheus-exporter/releases/tag/6.3.2)   |
| 6.3.1   | [kibana-prometheus-exporter-6.3.1](https://github.com/pjhampton/kibana-prometheus-exporter/releases/tag/6.3.1)   |
| 6.3.0   | [kibana-prometheus-exporter-6.3.0](https://github.com/pjhampton/kibana-prometheus-exporter/releases/tag/6.3.0)   |
| 6.2.4   | [kibana-prometheus-exporter-6.2.4](https://github.com/pjhampton/kibana-prometheus-exporter/releases/tag/6.2.4)   |
| 6.2.3   | [kibana-prometheus-exporter-6.2.3](https://github.com/pjhampton/kibana-prometheus-exporter/releases/tag/6.2.3)   |
| 6.2.2   | [kibana-prometheus-exporter-6.2.2](https://github.com/pjhampton/kibana-prometheus-exporter/releases/tag/6.2.2)   |
| 6.2.1   | [kibana-prometheus-exporter-6.2.1](https://github.com/pjhampton/kibana-prometheus-exporter/releases/tag/6.2.1)   |
| 6.2.0   | [kibana-prometheus-exporter-6.2.0](https://github.com/pjhampton/kibana-prometheus-exporter/releases/tag/6.2.0)   |
| 6.1.4   | [kibana-prometheus-exporter-6.1.4](https://github.com/pjhampton/kibana-prometheus-exporter/releases/tag/6.1.4)   |
| 6.1.3   | [kibana-prometheus-exporter-6.1.3](https://github.com/pjhampton/kibana-prometheus-exporter/releases/tag/6.1.3)   |
| 6.1.2   | [kibana-prometheus-exporter-6.1.2](https://github.com/pjhampton/kibana-prometheus-exporter/releases/tag/6.1.2)   |
| 6.1.1   | [kibana-prometheus-exporter-6.1.1](https://github.com/pjhampton/kibana-prometheus-exporter/releases/tag/6.1.1)   |
| 6.1.0   | [kibana-prometheus-exporter-6.1.0](https://github.com/pjhampton/kibana-prometheus-exporter/releases/tag/6.1.0)   |
| 6.0.1   | [kibana-prometheus-exporter-6.0.1](https://github.com/pjhampton/kibana-prometheus-exporter/releases/tag/6.0.1)   |
| 6.0.0   | [kibana-prometheus-exporter-6.0.0](https://github.com/pjhampton/kibana-prometheus-exporter/releases/tag/6.0.0)   |
| 5.6.11  | [kibana-prometheus-exporter-5.6.11](https://github.com/pjhampton/kibana-prometheus-exporter/releases/tag/5.6.11) |
| 5.6.10  | [kibana-prometheus-exporter-5.6.10](https://github.com/pjhampton/kibana-prometheus-exporter/releases/tag/5.6.10) |
| 5.6.9   | [kibana-prometheus-exporter-5.6.9](https://github.com/pjhampton/kibana-prometheus-exporter/releases/tag/5.6.9)   |
| 5.6.8   | [kibana-prometheus-exporter-5.6.8](https://github.com/pjhampton/kibana-prometheus-exporter/releases/tag/5.6.8)   |
| 5.6.7   | [kibana-prometheus-exporter-5.6.7](https://github.com/pjhampton/kibana-prometheus-exporter/releases/tag/5.6.7)   |
| 5.6.6   | [kibana-prometheus-exporter-5.6.6](https://github.com/pjhampton/kibana-prometheus-exporter/releases/tag/5.6.6)   |
| 5.6.5   | [kibana-prometheus-exporter-5.6.5](https://github.com/pjhampton/kibana-prometheus-exporter/releases/tag/5.6.5)   |
| 5.6.4   | [kibana-prometheus-exporter-5.6.4](https://github.com/pjhampton/kibana-prometheus-exporter/releases/tag/5.6.4)   |
| 5.6.3   | [kibana-prometheus-exporter-5.6.3](https://github.com/pjhampton/kibana-prometheus-exporter/releases/tag/5.6.3)   |
| 5.6.2   | [kibana-prometheus-exporter-5.6.2](https://github.com/pjhampton/kibana-prometheus-exporter/releases/tag/5.6.2)   |
| 5.6.1   | [kibana-prometheus-exporter-5.6.1](https://github.com/pjhampton/kibana-prometheus-exporter/releases/tag/5.6.1)   |
| 5.6.0   | [kibana-prometheus-exporter-5.6.0](https://github.com/pjhampton/kibana-prometheus-exporter/releases/tag/5.6.0)   |

*The version of this plugin must match the version of Kibana you are running.* [Click here](https://github.com/pjhampton/kibana-prometheus-exporter/releases) to download the available versions. If you don't see the version you want, please feel free to open an issue to request.

Commit message:

[PH] update metrics on README.

README.md, after:

# Kibana Prometheus Exporter 

A Kibana plugin that exposes metrics in the Prometheus format.
Once Installed, please visit http://localhost:5601/_prometheus/metrics

---

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pjhampton/kibana-prometheus-exporter/master/screenshots/kibana_ui.png" alt="kibana prometheus exporter ui">

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pjhampton/kibana-prometheus-exporter/master/screenshots/kibana_prometheus.png" alt="kibana prometheus exporter">

## Installing

First, locate the version you require on the [release page](https://github.com/pjhampton/kibana-prometheus-exporter/releases). There is a couple of ways to install this plugin. The more common approach would be to download the [correct version](#versions) and run:

```
bin/kibana-plugin install https://github.com/pjhampton/kibana-prometheus-exporter/releases/download/6.4.2/kibana-prometheus-exporter-6.4.2.zip
```

## Metrics 

Details on the various exported metrics are documented on the [Github wiki page](https://github.com/pjhampton/kibana-prometheus-exporter/wiki).

## Version

| Version | Release Artefact - The version of the plugin must match your version of Kibana / Elasticsearch                   |
|---------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 6.4.1   | [kibana-prometheus-exporter-6.4.1](https://github.com/pjhampton/kibana-prometheus-exporter/releases/tag/6.4.1)   |
| 6.4.0   | [kibana-prometheus-exporter-6.4.0](https://github.com/pjhampton/kibana-prometheus-exporter/releases/tag/6.4.0)   |
| 6.3.2   | [kibana-prometheus-exporter-6.3.2](https://github.com/pjhampton/kibana-prometheus-exporter/releases/tag/6.3.2)   |
| 6.3.1   | [kibana-prometheus-exporter-6.3.1](https://github.com/pjhampton/kibana-prometheus-exporter/releases/tag/6.3.1)   |
| 6.3.0   | [kibana-prometheus-exporter-6.3.0](https://github.com/pjhampton/kibana-prometheus-exporter/releases/tag/6.3.0)   |
| 6.2.4   | [kibana-prometheus-exporter-6.2.4](https://github.com/pjhampton/kibana-prometheus-exporter/releases/tag/6.2.4)   |
| 6.2.3   | [kibana-prometheus-exporter-6.2.3](https://github.com/pjhampton/kibana-prometheus-exporter/releases/tag/6.2.3)   |
| 6.2.2   | [kibana-prometheus-exporter-6.2.2](https://github.com/pjhampton/kibana-prometheus-exporter/releases/tag/6.2.2)   |
| 6.2.1   | [kibana-prometheus-exporter-6.2.1](https://github.com/pjhampton/kibana-prometheus-exporter/releases/tag/6.2.1)   |
| 6.2.0   | [kibana-prometheus-exporter-6.2.0](https://github.com/pjhampton/kibana-prometheus-exporter/releases/tag/6.2.0)   |
| 6.1.4   | [kibana-prometheus-exporter-6.1.4](https://github.com/pjhampton/kibana-prometheus-exporter/releases/tag/6.1.4)   |
| 6.1.3   | [kibana-prometheus-exporter-6.1.3](https://github.com/pjhampton/kibana-prometheus-exporter/releases/tag/6.1.3)   |
| 6.1.2   | [kibana-prometheus-exporter-6.1.2](https://github.com/pjhampton/kibana-prometheus-exporter/releases/tag/6.1.2)   |
| 6.1.1   | [kibana-prometheus-exporter-6.1.1](https://github.com/pjhampton/kibana-prometheus-exporter/releases/tag/6.1.1)   |
| 6.1.0   | [kibana-prometheus-exporter-6.1.0](https://github.com/pjhampton/kibana-prometheus-exporter/releases/tag/6.1.0)   |
| 6.0.1   | [kibana-prometheus-exporter-6.0.1](https://github.com/pjhampton/kibana-prometheus-exporter/releases/tag/6.0.1)   |
| 6.0.0   | [kibana-prometheus-exporter-6.0.0](https://github.com/pjhampton/kibana-prometheus-exporter/releases/tag/6.0.0)   |
| 5.6.11  | [kibana-prometheus-exporter-5.6.11](https://github.com/pjhampton/kibana-prometheus-exporter/releases/tag/5.6.11) |
| 5.6.10  | [kibana-prometheus-exporter-5.6.10](https://github.com/pjhampton/kibana-prometheus-exporter/releases/tag/5.6.10) |
| 5.6.9   | [kibana-prometheus-exporter-5.6.9](https://github.com/pjhampton/kibana-prometheus-exporter/releases/tag/5.6.9)   |
| 5.6.8   | [kibana-prometheus-exporter-5.6.8](https://github.com/pjhampton/kibana-prometheus-exporter/releases/tag/5.6.8)   |
| 5.6.7   | [kibana-prometheus-exporter-5.6.7](https://github.com/pjhampton/kibana-prometheus-exporter/releases/tag/5.6.7)   |
| 5.6.6   | [kibana-prometheus-exporter-5.6.6](https://github.com/pjhampton/kibana-prometheus-exporter/releases/tag/5.6.6)   |
| 5.6.5   | [kibana-prometheus-exporter-5.6.5](https://github.com/pjhampton/kibana-prometheus-exporter/releases/tag/5.6.5)   |
| 5.6.4   | [kibana-prometheus-exporter-5.6.4](https://github.com/pjhampton/kibana-prometheus-exporter/releases/tag/5.6.4)   |
| 5.6.3   | [kibana-prometheus-exporter-5.6.3](https://github.com/pjhampton/kibana-prometheus-exporter/releases/tag/5.6.3)   |
| 5.6.2   | [kibana-prometheus-exporter-5.6.2](https://github.com/pjhampton/kibana-prometheus-exporter/releases/tag/5.6.2)   |
| 5.6.1   | [kibana-prometheus-exporter-5.6.1](https://github.com/pjhampton/kibana-prometheus-exporter/releases/tag/5.6.1)   |
| 5.6.0   | [kibana-prometheus-exporter-5.6.0](https://github.com/pjhampton/kibana-prometheus-exporter/releases/tag/5.6.0)   |

*The version of this plugin must match the version of Kibana you are running.* [Click here](https://github.com/pjhampton/kibana-prometheus-exporter/releases) to download the available versions. If you don't see the version you want, please feel free to open an issue to request.
